well I'd either in enough people let's
bow again so today we're going to talk a
little about qualified immunity and how
people are responding to the idea of
taking it away if you don't know
qualified immunity is basically a shield
it's what limits the liability of
individual officers so their actions are
borne more by the taxpayer by us than
them as individuals a concept that is
gaining momentum right now is to remove
this make them carry insurance or
something like that on their own now on
social media right now you can see much
of officers responding and giving their
thoughts on this I am here to defend
their thoughts because I think they're
right I think they're right basically
what they're saying is that if that
happens and qualified immunity does get
stripped away and they become personally
liable for their actions
that they're only going to show up if
it's like a real emergency or there's a
victim yes please do that that's
actually what we want now they're saying
this out of spite to them it's an edgy
comment but the reality is they're
laying down a pretty solid foundation
for real police reform that's what I
mean they're doing it by accident but
yes that's that's that's a great idea
think about what this threat actually
says they're worried that they may get
sued because they use force in a
situation in which there was no victim
there was nobody being harmed until they
arrived yeah you should you should stop
that that's that's a great idea if
officers actually stuck to this it it
would limit a lot of situations from
it really would I think this is a
fantastic idea yes only respond if it's
an actual emergency if there's a victim
you know if somebody's at risk otherwise
sit in your corner eat your doughnuts
flip the Ranger joe's catalogs or
whatever it is you do when you're
waiting the American people will be just
fine with that we're really ok with it
we don't want to be over policed yeah
respond if there's an actual emergency
if people's lives your risk if there's a
victim other than that chill it's gonna
make your life a whole lot easier
it really will you're gonna have less
work the people are gonna feel more safe
everybody wins
can we please just give freedom a chance
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night